I I come back here you twit not en
except that different on this month
you're a star in our air outside
checking
combo and your power
having trouble skating on your face
x-men
documentary's were the weather
Oh
any more power
bad
any point our
how fine bunch of superheroes you are
the entire love you knocking on me
that's oddly fair
how should our bleating now I can't even
get them to give me a little sad news I
don't recall saying any such thing
you're a loosen a ting you are I swear
on the grave of me act faithless I don't
know nothing about now sadness
now me getting rough on me I was just
having a little fun I want
okay okay look mystique wanted a
location that was stored on the
computers there I don't know honest but
now that they've got it mystique was
saying the day of reckoning is coming
soon not lightly sure what that means
but I bet you ain't gonna like it
24 knew he wouldn't be anonymous
now would he
here now I'd be far more likely to talk
if you want to be nice to me